add Super Dungeon Muncher (#600)
PortsMaster/PortMaster-New: ports/superdungeonmuncher/README.md

# Super Dungeon Muncher

> This is a port of Super Dungeon Muncher by nexy via PortMaster. It uses https://github.com/JohnnyonFlame/gmloader-next.

Reviewer: Thank you note for the original developer is missing.

# Super Dungeon Muncher

> This is a port of Super Dungeon Muncher by nexy via PortMaster. It uses https://github.com/JohnnyonFlame/gmloader-next.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is a port of Super Dungeon Muncher by nexy via PortMaster. It uses [gmloader-next](https://github.com/JohnnyonFlame/gmloader-next) by JohnnyOnFlame.
```

# Installation

> Download the game from https://n-nexy.itch.io/super-dungeon-muncher and extract it. Put the data.win from the extracted folder into your ports/superdungeonmuncher folder. Also works with STEAM version. Browse local files and find data.win, put into your ports/superdungeonmuncher folder.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Purchase the game from [Itch.io](https://n-nexy.itch.io/super-dungeon-muncher) or [Steam](https://store.steampowered.com/app/3095800/SUPER_Dungeon_Muncher) and put `data.win` into your `ports/superdungeonmuncher` folder.
```

## Default Gameplay Controls
| Button | Action |
|--|--|
|D-PAD|Move|

> |LEFT/RIGHT ANALOG|not working|

Reviewer 2: If you use a gptk file with gptokeyb, you can map the analog stick to keyboard keys wasd and have movement. If BXY do the same thing A does, just show ABXY in one row.

Author: thanks! didn't know that

|B|Confirm|
|A|Confirm|
|X|Confirm|
|Y|Confirm|

# License
Gmloader-next is released under the GPLv2 License, see the license file for more information.

# Thanks

> Special thanks to:

Reviewer 2: Markdown needs two spaces to denote a newline, otherwise this continues on one line.

Author: thank you! changed :)

> nexy - for making the game

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
nexy - for making the game  
```

> This is free software. The source files in this repository are released under the GPLv2 License, see the license file for more information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Gmloader-next is released under the GPLv2 License, see the license file for more information.
```

> JohnnyonFlame - for gmloader-next

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
JohnnyonFlame - for gmloader-next  
```

> the PortMaster crew - helping me along the way

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the PortMaster crew - helping me along the way  
```
